CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
   Class C IPv4 Subnet Calculator

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
   In networking, before building a network you have to assign IPs with it's prefix index in order to provide a range of IPs that will be allocated to the devices connected to it.
   Most times, the calculation gets very confusing and a user might not perform the calculation properly.
   This program is to design a Subnetting calculator that will automatically calculate the Prefix index or range of IPs for a particular subnet based on prefix index provided to it.
   Also, it will calculate the subnet  mask of the IP to be used.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
   This program will help me practice and test my knowledge based on what i have learnt throught out this course.
   Also help me understand more to the basics of developing a Graphical User Interface for users.

4. What Python modules will your program use?
    pytest, 

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. List the names of functions you will need?

    get_prefix_from_ips()
    get_total_ips()
    get_subnet_mask()

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.

    test_get_prefix_from_ips()
    test_get_total_ips()
    test_get_subnet_mask()

